update CHANGELOG and bump to 1.12.0 (#526)
elastic/elastic-otel-python: CHANGELOG.md

# Elastic Distribution of OpenTelemetry Python Changelog

## v1.12.0

- Bump OpenTelemetry to 1.40.0/0.60b0 (#499)

  Upstream changes:
  * https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/discussions/5608
  * https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/discussions/4411

> - Add support for Central Config `disable_instrumentations` where we can stop the creation of span, requires Elastic Stack 9.4.0 (#510)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add support for Central Config `disable_instrumentations` where we can stop tracing for specific instrumentations at runtime, requires Elastic Stack 9.4.0 (#510)
```

> - Add support for Central Config `disable_instrumentations` where we can stop tracing for specific instrumentations at runtime, requires Elastic Stack 9.4.0 (#510)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add support for Central Config `deactivate_instrumentations` where we can stop tracing for specific instrumentations at runtime, requires Elastic Stack 9.4.0 (#510)
```
